"rub 2 logs of wood together to make fire?"
"combine leaves to make a backpack?"
"combine wood and leaves to make a cane?"
"add leaves to a cane to make a bow and arrow?"
"add wood to a cane to make a shield?"
"add a rock to a cane to make a shovel?"
"combine wood and stone to make a hammer?"
"hammer wood to turn it into an oar?"
"hammer another hammer to make an axe?"
"hammer a rock to turn it into a blade?"
"add a blade to a cane to make a spear?"
"add a blade to wood to make a dagger?"
"add a blade to a dagger to make a sword?"
"add stone to a shield to make it metal?"
" combine"
"wood and leaves on the ground to make a raft?"
" combine"
"wood with any fruit to plant a tree?"
" combine"
"leaves with any fruit to plant a crop?"
"combine 2 rocks to build a wall?"
"add a crystal to any food to make a potion?"
"add a crystal to any gun to make a laser?!"
"add wood to a bow and arrow to reload it?"
"add bullets to a gun to reload it?"
"add a blade to a potion to make a syringe?"
"add a bow to any gun to make a crossbow?"
"add leaves to a crystal to make an explosive?!"
"use crystals to reload any laser weapon?"
"add a crystal to a sword to make a laser sword?!"
"add tissue to a crystal to make a medical kit?"
"add a scroll to a log to make a sign?"
"add a blade to a bat to make it barbed?!"
"add a sword to a cane to make a scythe?!"
"hammer an axe to turn it into a pick-axe?"
"Listen, eating and drinking is bound to"
"make you need the toilet eventually!"
"In the absence of a toilet or tissues, you"
"may need to find some leaves to soak it up."
"Or you could wade into the sea and"
"let the water wash it away."
"Just make sure you don\'t unleash it near other"
"people because they won\'t see the funny side!"
"Hey, " + this.promoName[1] + ", did you know that you"
"can run by pressing the \'X\' button?"
"can run by  pressing the \'A\' button?"
"can run by  pressing the \'Z\' key?"
"can run by pressing the \'R\' button?"
"can run by double-tapping any direction?"
"It\'s useful in combat because you can launch"
"more powerful attacks by taking a run up!"
"Take it easy, though, because running makes"
"you more tired and hungry than walking."
"If you want to survive out here, the first"
"thing you need to learn is how to fight!"
"You can lash out with either your left or right"
"fist by holding and then releasing that command."
"Hold and release the SQUARE button to launch an attack"
"Hold and release the \'X\' button to launch an attack"
"Hold and release the \'A\' key to launch an attack"
"Hold and release the \'A\' button to launch an attack"
"(with a direction to aim high, without to aim low)."
"Even if your target is low down or on the ground,"
"you should find that your attacks adapt accordingly."
"You can even hold the \'O\' button to run if"
"You can even hold the \'B\' button to run if"
"You can even hold the \'Z\' key to run if"
"You can even hold the \'R\' button to run if"
"You can even double-tap a direction to run if"
"you want to launch a more powerful attack!"
"Did you know that you can grab opponents"
"by holding and releasing TRIANGLE?"
"by holding and releasing the \'Y\' button?"
"by holding and releasing the \'S\' key?"
"by holding and releasing the \'G\' button?"
"by pressing both attack commands together?"
"Once you have them in your grasp, you can"
"trigger a different move with each button."
"You can even combine buttons to lock in special"
"holds that will squeeze the life out of them!"
"Or if you\'re feeling merciful, you can release"
"your grip by pressing the grapple command again."
"You can also grab people on the ground, where"
"you have different options at the head or legs."
"Listen, did you know that you can combine objects"
"by putting your left and right hands together?"
"by pressing RUN and PICK-UP together?"
"So long as another object is nearby,"
"So long as you have an object in each hand,"
"you can try to make something out of them!"
"Even if your ingredients are on the ground, you"
"can use the same command to combine them there."
"Not everything can be combined, however, so"
"study your recipe book to get some ideas."
"And enjoy experimenting to find some secret"
"recipes that nobody ever thought to write down!"
"Did you know that you can pick something"
"up by pressing the CIRCLE button?"
"up by pressing the \'B\' button?"
"up by pressing the \'X\' key?"
"up by pressing the \'P\' button?"
"up in either hand by pressing the blue button?"
"Simply press the same command again to drop it,"
"or add a direction if you want to THROW it!"
"If you\'re wearing a backpack, that will be your"
"primary place to store or retrieve objects."
"Once your hands are empty, you could even use"
"BOTH of them to pick up larger furniture!"
"If your hands are empty and there\'s nothing else"
"in the way, you can even pick up larger furniture!"
"Hey, " + this.promoName[1] + ", did you know that most of the"
"objects you can hold have a special function?"
"If you move the right stick, you can attempt to use"
"an object or interact with anything else nearby."
"If you press SPACE, you can attempt to use"
"an object or interact with anything else nearby."
"If you press BOTH the fist and hand buttons"
"on either side you will use that object."
"If you press \'T\' button you can attempt to use"
"an object or interact with anything else nearby."
"That will mainly be for eating food, of course,"
"but it could also be for a book or a shovel."
"Sometimes you\'ll automatically swap hands to make"
"the best use of something, so don\'t get confused!"
"Listen, " + this.promoName[1] + ", did you know that it\'s"
"possible to dig tunnels if you have a shovel?"
"If you move the right stick to use it, you"
"If you press SPACE to use it, you"
"So long as you press the \'T\' button to use it, you"
"If you combine the hand buttons that hold one, you"
"will start digging into the ground or nearest wall."
"It\'s exciting to see where you end up because"
"it could be anywhere on the island or beyond!"
"It\'s also possible to create tunnels by"
"accident if something causes an explosion!"
"Even trees or rocks might leave a"
"hole in the ground once uprooted."
"But act quickly because any holes"
"will gradually close up over time!"
"Hey, " + this.promoName[1] + ", do you ever find that people"
"talk too much when you\'re not interested?"
"The good news is that you can skip through"
"the dialogue by pressing any button!"
"dialogue by tapping anywhere on the screen!"
"Just make sure you don\'t miss anything"
"important because you need to stay informed..."
"Listen, " + this.promoName[1] + ", the key to getting through"
"each day is taking care of your health."
"Eating will give you a little boost, but"
"it\'s no replacement for a good night\'s sleep!"
"If you simply press both thumbsticks down,"
"you\'ll close your eyes to sleep if you can."
"If you simply tap the health meter whenever it"
"gets low, you\'ll try to sleep if you can."
"Think of it as converting food into energy, so try to"
"sleep on a full stomach or the hunger will wake you!"
"If you\'re trying to sleep through the cold of night, you"
"should also camp near a fire to benefit from the warmth."
"Comfort is also a factor, so in the absence of a"
"bed consider sleeping on something like a raft."
"You are what you eat, " + this.promoName[1] + ","
"so we should talk about nutrition!"
"The little yellow meter indicates how close you"
"are to going hungry, which drains your health."
"It slowly goes down over time - especially with strenuous"
"activity - so you have to eat to keep hunger at bay."
"Meat is the most satisfying food you could eat, but you"
"may find that fruit and vegetables are easier to source."
"Either way, you can increase the benefits of most"
"foods by setting fire to them to cook them!"
"Be careful you don\'t eat too much though, because"
"you\'ll puke if you keep eating after you\'re full!"
"Although you may get a small health boost from eating,"
"you should sleep if you want to convert it to energy."
"Some of the mystics claim that they don\'t even need to"
"eat at all as meditation supplies all of their needs?!"
"Hey, " + this.promoName[1] + ", did you know that it\'s"
"possible to set fire to flammable objects?"
"The first thing you need to do is rub"
"2 wooden logs together to spark a fire."
"Those torches can then be combined with"
"any other object to spread the fire."
"Or you could just drop them near to other"
"objects and wait for nature to take its course!"
"It\'s even possible to set fire to larger resources"
"like trees if you strike them with a burning torch."
"Hey, " + this.promoName[1] + ", have you seen anybody"
"walking around with limbs missing yet?"
"If that ever happens to you, it\'s not the end of the"
"world because you can use bones to replace lost limbs!"
"Simply grab a bone and move the right stick"
"to use it wherever you have a limb missing."
"Simply grab a bone and press SPACE BAR"
"to use it wherever you have a limb missing."
"Simply grab a bone and press both the fist and hand"
"buttons on that side to use it wherever you can."
"Simply grab a bone and press the \'T\' button"
"to use it wherever you have a limb missing."
"If you\'re lucky, you might even come across doctors"
"or spiritual gurus who can heal you as well."
"Listen, " + this.promoName[1] + ", did you know that you can"
"give gifts to people if you drop objects nearby?"
"That\'s the surest way of getting them to like you,"
"but it may backfire if you choose the wrong gift!"
"But don\'t feel you have to get ME a gift for"
"telling you this because we\'re already friends."
"Listen, " + this.promoName[1] + ", did you know that grabbing"
"somebody doesn\'t always have to be aggressive?"
"If you pick somebody up off the ground and then"
"let them go, they might actually appreciate it!"
"To try that, simply press any combination of"
"buttons when you have someone on the ground."
"To drag someone up off the ground, simply hold a"
"direction while pressing the GRAPPLE command."
"Then press both attack commands once they\'re"
"up to let them go without any harm."
"Then press the GRAPPLE command again once"
"they\'re up to let them go without any harm."
"If you attack someone who just attacked"
"them, they might appreciate that as well!"
"Hey, " + this.promoName[1] + ", did you know that you"
"can zoom in or out to get a better view?"
"Simply hold the left or right triggers"
"to zoom in or out at any moment."
"Simply press the - or + keys to"
"zoom in or out at any moment."
"Simply pinch the middle of the screen"
"or part your fingers to zoom in or out."
"Hey, " + this.promoName[1] + ", I\'m sure you\'re aware that"
"you can harvest resources from trees or rocks?"
"It can be hard work with your bare hands,"
"so consider using some tools or weapons."
"Resources grow back over time so long as they\'re still"
"intact, so it\'s important not to milk them dry!"
"If it comes to that, you can always plant new"
"trees by combining any fruit with wood or leaves."
"Good agriculture may involve deliberately uprooting"
"plants to place them somewhere more suitable."
"You can even combine rocks to build a makeshift"
"wall if you feel that would offer some protection!"
"Hey, " + this.promoName[1] + ", have you noticed that you"
"can\'t get very far by wading into the water?"
"It\'s easy to fall over, and you could even"
"drown if your head is submerged for too long!"
"You can get a lot further by combining wood"
"and leaves on the ground to build a raft."
"You can then use BOTH empty hands to pick"
"it up and drag it closer to the shore."
"Even if you build parts of a boat separately, you can"
"always combine them by dropping one over the other."
"To climb aboard, you simply keep walking against"
"it. You can then press any button to stop sailing."
"Notice that it gradually falls apart in choppy waters,"
"so be sure to add as many pieces of wood as possible!"
"You may also find that you don\'t get very far without an"
"oar to row with, so consider hammering one out of wood."
"Hey, " + this.promoName[1] + ", did you know that it\'s"
"possible to ride some of the larger animals?"
"Most people can ride a horse, but the natives"
"have even been known to tame wild animals!"
"To try to mount an animal, you simply keep walking"
"against them if you can catch them still enough."
"They all have their own favourite foods, so a"
"good trick is to distract them with a treat!"
"Carnivores like tigers are attracted to meat and bones,"
"whereas herbivores like horses prefer fruit and leaves."
"Of course, you could always use the animals themselves"
"as food if you\'re confident about slaughtering them!"
"Did you know "
"Says here "
"you can use leaves or paper to"
"relieve yourself when you need the toilet"
"you can relieve yourself in the sea"
"if you need the toilet after eating or drinking"
"you can grab opponents by"
"holding and releasing TRIANGLE"
"holding and releasing the \'Y\' button"
"holding and releasing the \'G\' button"
"pressing both attack commands together"
"holding and releasing the \'S\' key"
"that eating meat is more"
"satisfying than fruit or vegetables"
"you can throw objects by holding"
"a direction while pressing the drop command"
"you can deliberately spread a"
"fire by combining it with another object"
"you can run by double-tapping in any"
"direction, but it makes you tired and hungry"
"running may be quicker,"
"but it also makes you tired and hungry"
"you can get more health benefits"
"from cooked food by setting fire to it"
"that sleep is more effective if"
"you camp near a fire - especially at night"
"that sleeping on furniture"
"is more comfortable than the ground"
"you can try to sleep"
"by tapping the health meter"
"that a bow and arrow can be"
"reloaded by combining it with wood"
"you can aim projectiles"
"up or down by holding that direction"
"you can pause the action and"
"access more options by touching the clock"
"you can zoom in or out by"
"pinching the middle of the screen"
"you can release your hold on an"
"opponent by pressing the grapple command again"
"you can use an object"
"by moving the right thumbstick"
"you can use an object"
"by pressing the SPACE BAR"
"you can use an object by combining"
"both the fist and hand buttons on that side"
"you can use an object"
"by pressing the \'T\' button"
"you can combine objects by pressing"
"the \'R\' and \'P\' buttons together nearby"
"the left and right hand buttons together"
"you can pick up larger furniture"
"by using BOTH hands while they\'re empty"
"you can skip through dialogue"
"by tapping anywhere on the screen"
"you can use a shovel or explosives"
"to create tunnels to another part of the map"
"that you could puke if you"
"keep eating when you\'re already full"
"that you can plant a tree by"
"combining any fruit with wood or leaves"
"that resources grow back over"
"time so long as their roots are intact"
"that taking the time to aim properly"
"will increase the chances of hitting a target"
"that taking the time to aim properly"
"will increase the chances of severing a limb"
"that you can sail twice"
"as fast in a raft by using an oar"
"you can mount some animals"
"by walking against them repeatedly"
"that some mystics don\'t need to"
"eat food because meditation sustains them"
"that carnivores like tigers and"
"wolves are attracted to meat and bones"
"that herbivores like rabbits and"
"deer are attracted to fruit and leaves"
"that getting into a relationship"
"with the opposite sex could produce offspring"
"that the only way to kill"
"zombies is to destroy their brains"
"that the purple formula can"
"either cure a zombie or create one"
"that scientists wanted to turn"
"people into zombies in order to start a war"
"that pressing ATTACK in a car"
"will sound the horn to scare people away"
"that spiritual masters"
"can cure people by embracing them"
"that injuries will heal"
"faster if you pray in the church"
"that zombies can only"
"regain their health by drinking blood"
"that hitting targets from"
"further distances will improve your skill"
"that \'Skill\' determines"
"how accurate your shots are"
"that crafting things"
"will improve your survival skills"
"that \'Skill\' determines"
"how quickly you can create things"
"that \'Strength\' refers to"
"how much damage a person can inflict"
"that \'Toughness\' determines"
"how quickly someone\'s health goes down"
"you can get rid of ads"
"by upgrading to the full game!"
"you can start with a character of"
"your own creation by upgrading to the full game!"
"you can choose a character from"
"ANY group by upgrading to the full game!"
"you\'re more likely to survive"
"death if you upgrade to the full game!"
"you can edit every other"
"character if you upgrade to the full game!"
"Hey, did you know that you can"
"Hmmm, it says here that you can"
